README.md, before:

# The auto-service queue system

### This project was built both Backend and Frontend (Django/React) for the car service queue system. Daily clients could login via this system and create the ticket and get the queue number

# Built with

- Backend
  - Python with Django
  - Postgres

- Frontend
  - React JS with functional components
  - React Bootstrap
  
- Deployement on the Cloud (Heroku prefered)

<!-- ### In this project I used React JS with hooks:
- `useState()`
- `useEffect()`
- `useSelector()`
- `useDispatch()` -->

# The [Demo Live](#) version is NOT yet available
<!-- ![screenshot](./public/.png) -->

## Project status: on going

### Run project on local machine

- copy and run this command to your terminal `git clone https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system.git`
- switch to right directory by `cd avis-queue-ticket-system`
- instal npm by running this command `python manage.py runserver` (or `python3 manage.py runserver` for the linux (mac also))
- if you have not installed on your machine the Python and Django, the please refer this [link]("https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/howto/windows/#:~:text=Django%20can%20be%20installed%20easily,version%20in%20the%20command%20prompt")

## Author

- GitHub: [@elmar8287](https://github.com/elmar8287)
- LinkedIn: [Elmar Abdulkarimov](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elmar.abdulkarimov/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

License could be find [here](https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system/blob/dev/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add Figma link to prototype

README.md, after:

# The auto-service queue system

### This project was built both Backend and Frontend (Django/React) for the car service queue system. Daily clients could login via this system and create the ticket and get the queue number

# The Figma prototype is [here](https://www.figma.com/file/Mu0tICy8ZUd3aQw5ZpCXbW/Sign-In?node-id=101%3A2)

# Built with

- Backend
  - Python with Django
  - Postgres

- Frontend
  - React JS with functional components
  - React Bootstrap
  
- Deployement on the Cloud (Heroku prefered)

<!-- ### In this project I used React JS with hooks:
- `useState()`
- `useEffect()`
- `useSelector()`
- `useDispatch()` -->

# The [Demo Live](#) version is NOT yet available
![screenshot1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49064106/187414725-46f544d8-5acd-4c43-9dba-9849f3f87712.png)
![screenshot2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49064106/187414859-688fad42-4bb1-4671-a68f-567d67abdf49.png)

## Project status: on going

### Run project on local machine

- copy and run this command to your terminal `git clone https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system.git`
- switch to right directory by `cd avis-queue-ticket-system`
- instal npm by running this command `python manage.py runserver` (or `python3 manage.py runserver` for the linux (mac also))
- if you have not installed on your machine the Python and Django, the please refer this [link](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/howto/windows/#:~:text=Django%20can%20be%20installed%20easily,version%20in%20the%20command%20prompt)

## Author

- GitHub: [@elmar8287](https://github.com/elmar8287)
- LinkedIn: [Elmar Abdulkarimov](https://www.linkedin.com/in/elmar.abdulkarimov/)

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system/issues).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

License could be find [here](https://github.com/elmar8287/avis-queue-ticket-system/blob/dev/LICENSE)
